<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="deploying_ibm_storediq_on_microsoft_hyper_v"  audience="Sys_Admin">
    <title>Deploying IBM StoredIQ on Microsoft Hyper-V</title>
    <shortdesc>As an alternative to installing on an ESX server, the IBM StoredIQ gateway, data
        server, and application stack can be installed on Microsoft Hyper-V. This option is not
        supported for the Elasticsearch virtual appliance. Installing IBM StoredIQ on Microsoft
        Hyper-V requires the use of third-party software. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq id="prereq_ecm_1dt_vjb">For the procedure described here, the following software
            prerequisites must be met: <ul id="ul_xv1_cdt_vjb">
                <li platform="windows">Microsoft Hyper-V Manager must be installed on a Windows system. </li>
                <li platform="windows">7-zip for Windows or tar for the Linux operating system must be available to
                    extract contents of the OVA. </li>
                <li>7-zip for Windows or gunzip for the Linux operating system must be installed to
                    decompress the vmdk.gz file. </li>
                <li platform="windows" audience="End_User">Microsoft Virtual Machine Converter 3.0 (Windows) or qemu-img (Linux) or must be
                    installed to convert the files from VMWare .vmdk files to Hyper-V .vhdx files.
                </li>
            </ul></prereq>
        <context>Microsoft Hyper-V does not support OVAs and OVFs. The virtual machine needs to be
            built manually. Consider the following instructions a sample procedure. The instructions
            might differ depending on the version of the third-party software.<p>Complete these
                steps for the gateway, the data server, and the AppStack:</p></context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Extract the vmdk file from the OVA.</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_dzw_mht_vjb">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Download the OVA. </cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Extract the contents of the OVA by using 7-zip for Windows or tar for
                            the Linux operating system.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Decompress the vmdk.gz archive by using 7-zip for Windows or gunzip for
                            Linux.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Delete everything except the vmdk file when the OVA extraction is
                            complete.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Convert the VMWare .vmdk file to a Microsoft Hyper-V .vhdx file.</cmd>
                <info> For instructions about converting .vmdk files to .vhdx files, see the
                    following links:<ul id="ul_cx3_tht_vjb">
                        <li>Use Microsoft Virtual Machine Converter </li>
                        <li>Using qemu-img </li>
                    </ul></info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Build a virtual machine.</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_hnm_vht_vjb">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select <uicontrol>New Virtual Machine </uicontrol>> <uicontrol>Next
                                from Hyper-V Manager</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Enter the name of the virtual machine in the <wintitle>Specify Name and
                                Location</wintitle> window and click
                            <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Generation of the machine</uicontrol> in the
                                <uicontrol>Specify Generation</uicontrol> window.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Enter the startup memory in the <uicontrol>Assign Memory</uicontrol>
                            window.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select the correct network in the <uicontrol>Configure
                                Network</uicontrol> window and click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.
                        </cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Use an existing virtual hard disk</uicontrol> in the
                                <wintitle>Connect Virtual Hard Disk</wintitle> window. Search the
                            disk location, select one of the primary disks, and then click
                                <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Repeat these previous steps for all IBM StoredIQ disks. </cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Optional: Add disks.</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_ojn_b3t_vjb">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select a virtual machine in Microsoft Hyper-V Manager.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select the settings for the virtual machine under
                                <uicontrol>Actions</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select the IDE controller and highlight Hard Drive in the
                                <wintitle>Settings</wintitle> window.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select Hard Drive and virtual hard disk and click
                                <uicontrol>New</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> in the New Virtual Hard Disk
                            wizard.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select <uicontrol>VHDX</uicontrol> in Choose Disk Format and then click
                                <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Dynamically expanding</uicontrol> in Choose Disk Type
                            and then click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Enter a name for the disk in the <wintitle>Specify Name and
                                Location</wintitle> window and the click
                            <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Create a new blank virtual hard disk</uicontrol> and
                            enter a size in the <uicontrol>Configure Disk</uicontrol> window and
                            then click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Repeat this procedure for all additional disks. Complete the
                            installation process by following the instructions in “Configuring IBM
                            StoredIQ” on page 22.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
