<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="deploying_the_virtual_appliances_0">
    <title>Deploying the virtual appliances</title>
    <shortdesc></shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context id="context_mfv_1gz_vjb">
            <p>Use VMware vSphere Client to deploy the virtual appliances to an ESX server. Deploy
                OVAs for the gateway, the data server, and the <term keyref="application_stack">application stack</term>,
                preferably in this order. If an Elasticsearch cluster is also being deployed, those
                OVAs must be deployed first. </p>
            <p>Ensure that all prerequisites for the deployment described in the planning section
                are met and that the required software packages are available on your local system
                before you start this task. </p>
            <p>Download the latest version of IBM StoredIQ from either IBM Fix Central or IBM
                Passport Advantage. For information about the package names and part numbers and the
                links to the proper download locations, see the <xref
                    href="https://www.ibm.com/support/pages/download-ibm-storediq-version-76019"
                    format="html" scope="external" outputclass="new_window">download
                document</xref>. </p>
            <p>The number of Elasticsearch OVAs deployed depends on the planned size of your
                Elasticsearch cluster. The default setup is a three-node cluster. Each Elasticsearch
                node requires a separate OVA deployment. The number of data server OVAs deployed
                depends on the number of data servers needed. Each data server requires a separate
                OVA deployment. </p>
        </context>
        <steps id="steps_nfv_1gz_vjb">
            <step>
                <cmd>Connect to the ESX server or vCenter server. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Open VMware vSphere Client. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select <uicontrol>File</uicontrol> > <uicontrol>Deploy OVF
                    Template</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Within the Deploy OVF Template wizard, complete these steps.</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_wms_l1t_vjb">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the <uicontrol>Select source</uicontrol> page, click
                                <uicontrol>Local file</uicontrol>, and then browse to and select the
                            appropriate OVF. Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the <uicontrol>Review details</uicontrol> page, review the OVF
                            template details. These storage requirements are critical and will be
                            used to select a data store during deployment. Click
                                <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> to proceed. </cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the <uicontrol>Select name and folder</uicontrol> page, enter a
                            name for the deployed template or use the default name. Click
                                <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>. </cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the <uicontrol>Select a resource</uicontrol> page, select the
                            resource pool where the deployed OVF template runs. Click
                                <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the <uicontrol>Select storage</uicontrol> page, select a data
                            store on which to store the deployed OVF template files. Click
                                <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>. </cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the <uicontrol>Disk Format</uicontrol> list, select the disk
                            format to be deployed. Note that although <uicontrol>Thin
                                Provision</uicontrol> saves disk space, it can negatively affect
                            performance. If possible, select <uicontrol>Thick Provision Lazy
                                Zeroed</uicontrol>. Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>. </cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the <uicontrol>Network Mapping</uicontrol>, map the network to
                            the appropriate network. Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the <uicontrol>Ready to Complete</uicontrol> page, review the
                            deployment settings. Click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol> to complete the
                                <uicontrol>Deploy OVF Template</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                        <stepresult> At this point, you can select the <uicontrol>Power</uicontrol>
                            on check box to turn on the VM after deployment is complete.
                        </stepresult>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
                <info>
                    <note type="important">If your IBM StoredIQ environment includes an
                        Elasticsearch cluster, do not select this option when you're deploying the
                        data server OVA. The Elasticsearch cluster setup must be complete before you
                        run the data server first-boot process. </note>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Repeat steps 3 and 4 for each OVA. Configure the components of your IBM
                    StoredIQ environment in this order:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <ol id="ol_rsr_jct_vjb">
                        <li>Elasticsearch cluster (if applicable) </li>
                        <li>Gateway </li>
                        <li>One or more data servers </li>
                        <li>Application stack </li>
                    </ol>
                </info>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
