<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><?workdir /C:\Users\bronagh.moynihan\Desktop\Certificate IDD\DITA project\temp\pdf-css-html5?><?workdir-uri file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/temp/pdf-css-html5/?><?path2project?><?path2project-uri ./?><?path2rootmap-uri ./?><?doctype-public -//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN?><?doctype-system concept.dtd?><concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" xmlns:dita-ot="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" id="ibm_stored_iq_components" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic concept) (topic abbrev-d) a(props deliveryTarget) (topic equation-d) (topic hazard-d) (topic hi-d) (topic indexing-d) (topic markup-d) (topic mathml-d) (topic pr-d) (topic relmgmt-d) (topic sw-d) (topic svg-d) (topic ui-d) (topic ut-d) (topic markup-d xml-d)" class="- topic/topic concept/concept " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="concept:1;3:40">
    <title class="- topic/title " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="title:1;4:12">IBM Stored IQ Components</title>
    <shortdesc class="- topic/shortdesc " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="shortdesc:1;5:16">The IBM StoredIQ solution consists of these components: the application stack, the
        gateway, the data server, and optionally the Elasticsearch cluster.</shortdesc>
    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="conbody:1;7:14">
        <section id="section_wx1_5kt_vjb" class="- topic/section " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="section:1;8:43">
            <title class="- topic/title " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="title:2;9:20">Solution Components</title>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="p:1;10:16">IBM StoredIQ provides three solution components: the gateway, data servers, and
                application stack (AppStack). </p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="p:2;12:16"><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="b:1;12:19">Gateway</b>
            </p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="p:3;14:16">The gateway communicates between the data servers and the application stack. The
                application stack polls the gateway for information about the data on the data
                servers. The data servers push the information to the gateway. </p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="p:4;17:16"><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="b:2;17:19">Data servers</b>
            </p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="p:5;19:16">A data server obtains the data from supported data sources and indexes it. By
                indexing this data, you gain information about unstructured data such as file size,
                file data types, file owners. </p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="p:6;22:16">The data server pushes the information about volumes and indexes to the gateway so it
                can be communicated to the application stack. Multiple data servers feed into a
                single gateway. </p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="p:7;25:16">Data servers can be categorized in two types: DataServer - Classic and DataServer -
                Distributed. A data server of the type DataServer - Classic uses the embedded
                PostgreSQL database for storing the index. With a data server of the type DataServer
                - Distributed, the index is stored in an Elasticsearch cluster. Data servers of this
                type also provide better performance in search queries. They can manage much larger
                amounts of data than data servers of the type DataServer - Classic, thus making the
                IBM StoredIQ deployments more scalable. </p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="p:8;32:16">You can have both types of data servers in your IBM StoredIQ deployment. </p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="p:9;33:16">In addition to completing standard administrative tasks, administrators can deploy
                the IBM StoredIQ Desktop Data Collector and index desktops from the data server.</p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="p:10;35:16"><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="b:3;35:19">Application stack</b>
            </p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="p:11;37:16">The application stack provides the user interface for the IBM StoredIQ Administrator,
                IBM StoredIQ Data Workbench, IBM StoredIQ Insights, and the IBM StoredIQ Policy
                Manager products. The synchronization feature for integration with a governance
                catalog is also part of the application stack. </p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="p:12;41:16"><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="b:4;41:19">Elasticsearch cluster</b>
            </p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="p:13;43:16">The Elasticsearch cluster attached to a data server of the type DataServer -
                Distributed provides a single data store for all metadata and content of harvested
                objects. Indexed data is distributed automatically across the nodes in the cluster.
                Indexing and queries are load-balanced across all nodes. Nodes can be added
                dynamically without downtime and the indexing process can use these newly added
                nodes without further setup. </p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_lsw_clt_vjb" class="- topic/section " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="section:2;50:43">
            <title class="- topic/title " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="title:3;51:20">Applications of IBM StoredIQ</title>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="p:14;52:16">IBM StoredIQ provides interface applications that help fulfill its solution
                goals.</p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="p:15;54:16"><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="b:5;54:19">IBM StoredIQ Data Server</b></p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="p:16;55:16">IBM StoredIQ Data Server user interface provides access to data server functionality.
                It allows administrators to view the dashboard and see the status of the jobs and
                system details. Administrators  can manage information about servers and conduct
                various configurations on the system and application settings.</p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="p:17;59:16"><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="b:6;59:19">IBM StoredIQ Administrator </b></p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="p:18;60:16">IBM StoredIQ Administrator helps you manage global assets common to the distributed
                infrastructure behind IBM StoredIQ applications.</p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="p:19;62:16">IBM StoredIQ Administrator provides at-a-glance understanding of the different issues
                that can crop up in the IBM StoredIQ environment. These views are unique to the IBM
                StoredIQ Administrator application as they provide an overview of how the system is
                running. They allow access to various pieces of information that are being shared
                across applications or allow for the management of resources in a centralized
                manner. </p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="p:20;68:16">The administrator is the person responsible for managing the IBM StoredIQ. This
                individual has strong understanding of data sources, indexes, data servers, jobs,
                infosets, and actions. This list provides an overview as to how IBM StoredIQ
                Administrator works: </p>
            <ul id="ul_xvs_ylt_vjb" class="- topic/ul " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="ul:1;72:37">
                <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="li:1;73:21"><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="b:7;73:24">Viewing data servers and volumes</b>: Using IBM StoredIQ Administrator, the
                    Administrator can identify what data servers are deployed, their location, what
                    data is being managed, and the status of each data server in the system. Volume
                    management is a central component of IBM StoredIQ. IBM StoredIQ Administrator
                    also allows the Administrator to see what volumes are currently under
                    management, which data server is responsible for that volume, the state of the
                    volume after indexing, and the amount and size of information that is contained
                    by each volume. Administrators can also add volumes to and delete volumes from
                    data servers through this interface. If IBM StoredIQ is configured for
                    integration with Information Governance Catalog, the Administrator can also
                    manage which volumes are published to the governance catalog.</li>
                <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="li:2;84:21"><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="b:8;84:24">Scheduling harvests</b>: Harvesting, which can also be referred to as
                    indexing, is the process or task by which IBM StoredIQ examines and classifies
                    data in your network. Using IBM StoredIQ Administrator, harvests can be
                    scheduled, edited, and deleted. </li>
                <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="li:3;88:21"><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="b:9;88:24">Creating system infosets</b>: System infosets that use only specific indexed
                    volumes can be created and managed within IBM StoredIQ Administrator. Although
                    infosets are a core component of IBM StoredIQ Data Workbench, system infosets
                    are created as a shortcut for users in IBM StoredIQ Administrator.</li>
                <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="li:4;92:21"><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="b:10;92:24">Managing users</b>: The user management area allows administrators to create
                    users and manage users' access to the various IBM StoredIQ applications.</li>
                <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="li:5;94:21"><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="b:11;94:24">Configuring and managing actions</b>: An action is any process that is taken
                    upon the data that is represented by the indexes. Actions are run by data
                    servers on indexed data objects. Any errors or warnings that are generated as a
                    result of an action are recorded as exceptions in IBM StoredIQ Data Workbench.
                    Note: Actions can be created within IBM StoredIQ Administrator and then made
                    available to other IBM StoredIQ applications such as IBM StoredIQ Data
                    Workbench.</li>
                <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="li:6;101:21"><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="b:12;101:24">Managing target sets</b>: Provides an interface that allows the user to set
                    the wanted targets for specific actions that require a destination volume for
                    their actions. </li>
                <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="li:7;104:21"><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="b:13;104:24">Reports</b>: IBM StoredIQ Administrator provides a number of built-in
                    reports, such as summaries of data objects in the system, storage use, and the
                    number of identical documents in the system. You can create custom reports,
                    including Query Analysis Reports for e-discovery purposes, and automatically
                    email report notifications to administrators and other interested parties. </li>
                <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="li:8;109:21"><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="b:14;109:24">Auto-classification</b>: Automated document categorization, what IBM StoredIQ
                    refers to as autoclassification models, integrates the IBM Content
                    Classification's classification model into the IBM StoredIQ infoset-generation
                    process. Data Experts can use IBM Content Classification to train a
                    classification model, which is then registered with IBM StoredIQ Administrator.
                    The registered classification model can be applied to an existing infoset in IBM
                    StoredIQ Data Workbench to generate new metadata for the objects in the infoset.
                    Metadata can be used in rule-based filters to create new infosets.</li>
                <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="li:9;117:21"><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="b:15;117:24">Cartridges</b>: Cartridges are compressed files that contain analysis logic.
                    When you add a cartridge to IBM StoredIQ AppStack, it can detect new data in
                    documents during indexing and make these new insights searchable. For example, a
                    sensitive pattern cartridge can enable IBM StoredIQ to detect passport numbers,
                    phone numbers, and other IDs. To apply the analysis logic contained in the
                    cartridge, you must run a Step-up Analytics action that uses the cartridge on an
                    infoset. IBM StoredIQ examines all documents in the infoset, applies the
                    analytics, and then stores the analysis results in the IBM StoredIQ index.</li>
                <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="li:10;125:21"><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="b:16;125:24">Managing concepts</b>: Provides the ability to relate business concepts to
                    indexed data. </li>
                <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="li:11;127:21"><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="b:17;127:24">Managing Mule scripts</b>: Helps you to create Mule scripts and upload script
                    packages. These Mule scripts are used by IBM StoredIQ Policy Manager to create
                    policies using the automation workflow. </li>
                <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="li:12;130:21"><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="b:18;130:24">DataServer - Classic</b>: Data servers can be categorized in two types:
                    DataServer - Classic and DataServer - Distributed. DataServer - Classic refers
                    to the regular data servers. It uses either the current PostgreSQL or Lucene
                    index as an index. </li>
                <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="li:13;134:21"><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="b:19;134:24">DataServer - Distributed</b>: The distributed data server uses an
                    Elasticsearch cluster instead of an embedded Postgres database. It increases the
                    scalability and flexibility of the IBM StoredIQ deployment in a way that it can
                    manage much larger amounts of data. Without adding more data servers, data that
                    is managed by the IBM StoredIQ deployment can be increased by adding new nodes
                    to the Elasticsearch cluster. Search queries perform better on DataServer -
                    Distributed. </li>
                <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="li:14;141:21"><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="b:20;141:24">Connector API SDK</b>: A connector is a software component of IBM StoredIQ
                    that is used to connect to a data source such as a network file system and
                    access its data. Using IBM StoredIQ Connector API SDK, developers of other
                    companies can develop connectors to new data sources outside the IBM StoredIQ
                    development environment. These connectors can be integrated with a live IBM
                    StoredIQ application to index, search, manage, and analyze data on the data
                    source. </li>
            </ul>
        </section>
        <section id="section_d5k_wmt_vjb" class="- topic/section " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="section:3;150:43">
            <title class="- topic/title " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="title:4;151:20">IBM StoredIQ Data Workbench </title>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="p:21;152:16">Big data is a pervasive problem, not a one-time occurrence. It is easy for most
                companies to realize that big data is problematic, but it is hard to identify what
                problems they have. Big data is all about the unknown, but the unknown cannot be off
                limits. IBM StoredIQ Data Workbench can help you learn about your data, make
                educated decisions with your most valuable asset, and turn your company's most
                dangerous risk into its most valuable asset. </p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="p:22;158:16">IBM StoredIQ Data Workbench is a data visualization and management tool that helps
                you to actively manage your company's data. It helps you to determine how much data
                you have, where it is, who owns it, and when it was last used. When you have a clear
                understanding of your company's data landscape, IBM StoredIQ Data Workbench helps
                you take control of data. You can make informed decisions about your data and act on
                that knowledge by copying, copying to retention, or conducting a discovery export.
                Here are just some examples of how you can use IBM StoredIQ Data Workbench. </p>
            <ul id="ul_xsm_dnt_vjb" class="- topic/ul " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="ul:2;165:37">
                <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="li:15;166:21">You need to find all company email that is sent from or received by Eileen
                    Sideways (esideways@thecompany.com). You can use IBM StoredIQ Data Workbench to
                    find all email and then copy that data to a predefined repository. You can also
                    use IBM StoredIQ Data Workbench to find all of the esideways@thecompany.com
                    email that occurred between specific dates and then make that email available
                    for review. </li>
                <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="li:16;172:21">As an administrator, you want to rid your networks and storage of unused data.
                    You can use IBM StoredIQ Data Workbench to find all files that were not modified
                    in more than five years.</li>
                <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="li:17;175:21">You want to find all image files that are created in 2007. Not only can IBM
                    StoredIQ Data Workbench find all image files that were created in 2007. It also
                    shows how much space they occupy on your network.</li>
                <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="li:18;178:21">A user needs to understand how data about Windows is being retained. Using IBM
                    StoredIQ Data Workbench, you can provide that user with a visual overview of the
                    number of objects that are retained and a breakdown of files per data source.
                    Additionally, you can apply overlays to show the user if those files contain
                    forbidden information such as credit-card numbers or Social Security
                    numbers.</li>
                <li class="- topic/li " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="li:19;184:21">If IBM StoredIQ is configured accordingly, you can select the infosets and
                    filters that are published to the governance catalog for unified governance of
                    structured and unstructured information. When integrating with Information
                    Governance Catalog, you can also analyze and classify the data governed by IBM
                    StoredIQ based on the data classes that are synchronized from the governance
                    catalog.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
        <section id="section_eyv_3nt_vjb" class="- topic/section " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="section:4;192:43">
            <title class="- topic/title " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="title:5;193:20">IBM StoredIQ Insights</title>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="p:23;194:16">IBM StoredIQ Insights provides dynamic and interactive filtering for your data with
                easy access to all metadata and instant plain-text preview of document content for
                full-text indexed volumes. </p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="p:24;197:16">Faceted search lets you drill down to refine your search results as needed. In
                addition, you can apply any valid IBM StoredIQ filter query. Tags let you categorize
                the data for easier management. Visual representations of search results help you
                gain further insights into your data. Several chart types let you look at and
                explore data from different perspectives, thus helping you identify patterns and
                relationships very quickly. </p>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="p:25;203:16">With IBM StoredIQ Insights, you can search data that is managed and indexed by a data
                server of the type DataServer - Distributed. In mixed deployments that have classic
                and distributed data servers, only the content from distributed data servers will be
                searchable. </p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_wss_mnt_vjb" class="- topic/section " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="section:5;208:43">
            <title class="- topic/title " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="title:6;209:20">IBM StoredIQ Policy Manager </title>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="p:26;210:16">IBM StoredIQ Policy Manager allows users to run mature policies and processes at
                scale across a wider range of data.The users can define and run systemwide policies,
                focusing on the execution of the process rather than understanding or reviewing
                affected data objects. Additionally, with reports of IBM StoredIQ Policy Manager,
                you can record what actions were conducted, when they were conducted, and what data
                was affected by the policy's execution. </p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_v4x_tnt_vjb" class="- topic/section " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="section:6;217:43">
            <title class="- topic/title " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="title:7;218:20">IBM StoredIQ Desktop Data Collector </title>
            <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="file:/C:/Users/bronagh.moynihan/Desktop/Certificate%20IDD/DITA%20project/ibm_stored_iq_components.dita" xtrc="p:27;219:16">IBM StoredIQ Desktop Data Collector (also referred to as desktop client indexes
                desktops as volumes. The volumes appear in IBM StoredIQ Data Server and in IBM
                StoredIQ Administrator, where they can be used like any other data source. The data
                server maintains an index using the information sent by the desktop client. After
                indexing, desktops - even offline or unreachable ones - can be viewed, searched, or
                targeted for later policy action. </p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>